README.md, before:

This here is a list of useful resources made for the Complexity Science community, by
the community. From the events to attend, to the social media accounts to follow, as
well as great materials to learn more about complexity science, we aim to provide all the resources that anyone who would like to enter the world of complex systems science would need.

The list is only as awesome as the community makes it! If you have anything to add or
suggest for this list, head over to the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/yrCSS/awesome-complex-systems-community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
for more info. **All contributions welcome!**

## Societies and networks
> Ordered alphabetically.

|   |         |               |
| - | :-----: | :-----------: |
| AccelNet-MultiNet | [🌐](https://www.accelnet-multinet.org/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/MultilayerNets) |
| Complex Systems Society | [🌐](https://cssociety.org) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CompSysSoc) |
| Complexity Digest | [🌐](https://comdig.unam.mx/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/cxdig) |
| Early and Middle Career Researchers on Social Networks (EMCRs) | [🌐](https://sites.google.com/view/emcrs-social-networks) | [📢](https://twitter.com/emcr_sna) |
| International Network for Social Network Analysis (INSNA) | [🌐](https://www.insna.org/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/SocNetAnalysts) |
| Networks, Phd Life And ComplExity Seminars (NetPLACE) | [🌐](https://sites.google.com/view/netplace/home-page) | [📢](https://twitter.com/netplace_semi) |
| Network Science Society | [🌐](https://netscisociety.net/home) | [📢](https://twitter.com/netscisociety) |
| Society of Young Network Scientists (SYNS) | [🌐](https://society-of-young-network-scientists.github.io/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/official_SYNS) |
| Women in Network Science (WiNS) | [🌐](https://sites.google.com/view/womeninnetworkscience/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/WiNS_Society) |
| Young Researchers of the Complex Systems Society (yrCSS) | [🌐](https://yrcss.cssociety.org/) | [📢](https://datasci.social/@yrCSS) |


## Conferences
> Ordered alphabetically.

|   |         |               |
| - | :-----: | :-----------: |
| CompleNet | [🌐](https://complenet.weebly.com/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CompleNet) |
| Complex Networks | [🌐](https://complexnetworks.org) | |
| Conference on Complex Systems | [🌐](https://cssociety.org/ccs) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ConfCompSys) |
| IC2S2 | | [📢](https://twitter.com/IC2S2) |
| NetSci / NetSci-X | [🌐](https://netscisociety.net/events/netsci) | |
| Sunbelt | [🌐](https://www.insna.org/events/insna-conferences) | |
| Latin American Conference on Complex Networks (LANET) | [🌐](http://www.lanetconference.org) | |


## Workshops, schools
> Ordered alphabetically.

|   |         |               |
| - | :-----: | :-----------: |
| Complexity 72h | [🌐](https://www.complexity72h.com/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/Complexity72h) |
| IceLab Camp | [🌐](https://icelab.se/event) | [📢](https://twitter.com/IceLab_umea) |
| Lake Como Schools <br/> - Advances in complex systems <br/> - Computational Social Science <br/> - Complex Networks | <br/> [🌐](https://acsz.lakecomoschool.org) <br/> [🌐](https://css.lakecomoschool.org) <br/> [🌐](https://ntmh.lakecomoschool.org) | |
| Les Houches School of Physics | [🌐](https://www.houches-school-physics.com/program/) | |
| Mediterranean School of Complex Networks | [🌐](https://mediterraneanschoolcomplex.net/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/MscxNetworks) |
| NetHike | [🌐](https://sn.ethz.ch/nethike.html) | |
| SFI | [🌐](https://santafe.edu/engage/learn/programs) | |
| Spring College on the Physics of Complex Systems (ICTP) | [🌐](https://indico.ictp.it/event/10459) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ictpnews) 
| Winter Workshop on Complex Systems | [🌐](https://wwcs2024.github.io/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/winter_complex) |



## Seminar series
> Ordered alphabetically.

|   |         |               |
| - | :-----: | :-----------: |
| ANET | [🌐](https://anet.krtk.mta.hu/seminars/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/AnetiLabs) |
| CoCo | [▶](http://coco.binghamton.edu/#seminar) | [📢](https://twitter.com/BinghamtonCoCo) |
| IFISC | [▶](https://www.youtube.com/@IFISCseminars/videos) | [📢](https://ifisc.uib-csic.es/en/events/seminars/) |
| Interaction Data Lab | [▶](https://www.youtube.com/@interactiondatalab2056/videos) | [📢](https://twitter.com/interactiondata) |
| NetPLACE | [▶](https://www.youtube.com/@netplace3823/videos) | [📢](https://twitter.com/netplace_semi) |
| SFI | [▶](https://www.youtube.com/@SFIScience/videos) | [📢](https://twitter.com/sfiscience) |
| WiNS | [▶](https://www.youtube.com/@winsseminar9853/videos) | [📢](https://twitter.com/WiNS_Society) |


## Online courses
> Ordered alphabetically.

- [Aaron Clauset's teaching materials](https://aaronclauset.github.io/teaching.htm)
- [#ComplexityExplained](https://complexityexplained.github.io/)
- [Complexity Explorables by Dirk Brockmann](https://complexity-explorables.org/)
- [Complex Networks course by Rémy Cazabet](http://cazabetremy.fr/Teaching/CN/ComplexNetworks.html)
- [SFI's Complexity Explorer](https://www.complexityexplorer.org)


## PhD life
> Ordered alphabetically.

- [EMCRs' "Academic life" page](https://sites.google.com/view/emcrs-social-networks/academic-life)
- [How to Be a Successful PhD Student](https://people.cs.umass.edu/~wallach/how_to_be_a_successful_phd_student.pdf)
- [How to write a scientific paper](https://users.aalto.fi/~jsaramak/HowToWriteCommsCoffee.pdf) - Jari Saramäki [(talk at CCS2022 warm-up)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czpwDkCTDjQ)
- [NetPLACE "Blog" page](https://sites.google.com/view/netplace/blog)
- [So long, and thanks for all the tips](https://imstat.org/2022/04/01/written-by-witten-so-long-and-thanks-for-all-the-tips/)
- [The Thesis Whisperer](https://thesiswhisperer.com/)
- Twenty things I wish I’d known when I started my PhD, [Nature](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-018-07332-x) / [open access version](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Lucy-Taylor-33/publication/328775212_Twenty_things_I_wish_I'd_known_when_I_started_my_PhD/links/5be60c1fa6fdcc3a8dcb198c/Twenty-things-I-wish-Id-known-when-I-started-my-PhD.pdf)

## Institutes, departments and labs
> Ordered alphabetically by country code and institution name.

|   |         |         |               |
| - | :-----: | :-----: | :-----------: |
| Complexity Science Hub (CSH), Vienna | AT | [🌐](https://www.csh.ac.at/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CSHVienna) |
| Department of Network & Data Science (DNDS), Central European University, Vienna | AT | [🌐](https://networkdatascience.ceu.edu) | [📢](https://twitter.com/dnds_ceu) |
| Complex Systems and Data Science group, University of Sidney | AU | [🌐](https://www.maths.usyd.edu.au/u/ega/group/) | |
| Computational Social Science (COSS), ETH Zürich | CH | [🌐](https://coss.ethz.ch/) | |
| Instituto de Sistemas Complejos de Valparaiso (ICSV) | CL | [🌐](https://sistemascomplejos.cl/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ComplejosISCV) |
| Copenhagen Center for Social Data Science (SODAS), University of Copenhagen | DK | [🌐](https://sodas.ku.dk/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CPH_SODAS) |
| NEtwoRks, Data, and Society (NERDS), IT University of Copenhagen | DK | [🌐](https://nerds.itu.dk) | [📢](https://datasci.social/@nerdsitu) |
| Complex Systems Lab, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona | ES | [🌐](http://complex.upf.edu/) | |
| Grupo Interdisciplinar de Sistemas Complejos (GISC), Universidad Carlos III de Madrid | ES | [🌐](https://valbuena.fis.ucm.es/gisc) | [📢](https://twitter.com/gisc_group) |
| Institute of Complex Systems of the University of Barcelona (UBICS), Barcelona | ES | [🌐](http://ubics.ub.edu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/UB_ICS) |
| Institute for Cross-Disciplinary Physics and Complex Systems (IFISC), Palma | ES | [🌐](https://ifisc.uib-csic.es/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/IFISC_mallorca) |
| Science and Engineering of Emerging Systems (SEES) Lab, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona | ES | [🌐](http://seeslab.info/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/sees_lab) |
| Center for Collective Learning <br/> - University of Toulouse <br/> - Corvinus University, Budapest | <br/> FR <br/> HU | [🌐](https://centerforcollectivelearning.org) <br/> <br/> | <br/> <br/> <br/> |
| Institut rhônalpin des systèmes complexes (IXXI), Lyon | FR | [🌐](http://www.ixxi.fr) | [📢](https://twitter.com/I_X_X_I_) |
| Interaction Data Lab, Paris | FR | [🌐](https://interactiondatalab.com/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/interactiondata) |
| Centre for Complexity and Complex Networks, City University of Hong Kong | HK | [🌐](http://cccn.ee.cityu.edu.hk) | |
| Agglomeration and Social Networks (ANET) Lab, Budapest | HU | [🌐](https://anet.krtk.mta.hu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/AnetiLabs) |
| Center for AI (CENTAI), Turin | IT | [🌐](https://centai.eu/home) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CentaiInstitute) |
| Centro Ricerche Enrico Fermi (CREF), Rome | IT | [🌐](https://cref.it/en) | [📢](https://twitter.com/cref_official) |
| Complex Human Behavior (CHuB) Lab, Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Trento | IT | [🌐](https://chub.fbk.eu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/chub_fbk) |
| CoMuNe Lab, University of Padova | IT | [🌐](https://manliodedomenico.com/people.php) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ComuneLab) |
| IMT Lucca | IT | [🌐](https://www.imtlucca.it/en) | |
| ISI Foundation, Turin | IT | [🌐](https://isi.it/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ISI_Fondazione) |
| Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining Laboratory (KDD Lab), Pisa | IT | [🌐](https://kdd.isti.cnr.it) | |
| Sony Computer Science Laboratories (CSL) <br/> - Rome <br/> - Paris | <br/> IT <br/> FR | <br/> [🌐](https://csl.sony.it) <br/> [🌐](https://csl.sony.fr) | <br/> [📢](https://twitter.com/SonyCSLRome) <br/> [📢](https://twitter.com/SonyCSLParis) |
| Complex Systems Department, Instituto de Física, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México | MX | [🌐](https://www.fisica.unam.mx/investigacion/departamentos/sistemas_complejos/index.php?lang=en) | |
| Centre for Complex Systems Studies, Utrecht | NL | [🌐](https://www.uu.nl/en/research/centre-for-complex-systems-studies-ccss) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ccss_uu) |
| Te Pūnaha Matatini, Auckland | NZ | [🌐](https://www.tepunahamatatini.ac.nz) | |
| LASIGE, University of Lisbon | PT | [🌐](https://www.lasige.pt/research-line/data-and-systems-intelligence/) | |
| The Bartlett Centre for Advanced Spatial Analysis (CASA), University College London | UK | [🌐](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/bartlett/casa) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CASAUCL) |
| Bio-Inspired Computing, Complex Networks, and Human Dynamics Laboratory, University of Exeter | UK | | [📢](https://twitter.com/BioComplexLab) |
| Binghamton Center of Complex Systems (CoCo), Binghamton University | US | [🌐](http://coco.binghamton.edu) | [📢](https://twitter.com/BinghamtonCoCo) |
| Indiana University Network Science Institute (IUNI), Bloomington | US | [🌐](https://iuni.iu.edu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/IUNetSci) |
| Network Science Institute (NetSI) <br/> - Boston <br/> - London | <br/> US <br/> UK | [🌐](https://www.networkscienceinstitute.org) <br/>  <br/>  |[📢](https://twitter.com/NUnetsi) <br/> <br/> |
| Santa Fe Institute (SFI) | US | [🌐](https://santafe.edu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/sfiscience) |
| Vermont Complex Systems Center, University of Vermont | US | [🌐](https://vermontcomplexsystems.org/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/uvmcomplexity) |
| Yale Institute for Network Science, New Haven | US | [🌐](https://yins.yale.edu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/YINSedge) |

## Other awesome lists
> Ordered alphabetically.

- [Awesome Complexity by sellisd](https://github.com/sellisd/awesome-complexity)
- [Awesome Complexity by jepemo](https://github.com/jepemo/awesome-complexity)
- [Awesome Computational Social Science](https://github.com/gesiscss/awesome-computational-social-science)
- [Awesome Network Analysis](https://github.com/briatte/awesome-network-analysis)
- [Awesome open science for software and computational science](https://github.com/INRIA/awesome-open-science-software)
- [awesome-PhD](https://github.com/helenahartmann/awesome-PhD)
- [Awesome Public Datasets](https://github.com/awesomedata/awesome-public-datasets)
- [Collection of advice for prospective and current PhD students](https://github.com/pliang279/awesome-phd-advice)

Commit message:

Add ML and feeds section, move complexity digest there

README.md, after:

This here is a list of useful resources made for the Complexity Science community, by
the community. From the events to attend, to the social media accounts to follow, as
well as great materials to learn more about complexity science, we aim to provide all the resources that anyone who would like to enter the world of complex systems science would need.

The list is only as awesome as the community makes it! If you have anything to add or
suggest for this list, head over to the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/yrCSS/awesome-complex-systems-community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
for more info. **All contributions welcome!**

## Societies and networks
> Ordered alphabetically.

|   |         |               |
| - | :-----: | :-----------: |
| AccelNet-MultiNet | [🌐](https://www.accelnet-multinet.org/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/MultilayerNets) |
| Complex Systems Society | [🌐](https://cssociety.org) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CompSysSoc) |
| Early and Middle Career Researchers on Social Networks (EMCRs) | [🌐](https://sites.google.com/view/emcrs-social-networks) | [📢](https://twitter.com/emcr_sna) |
| International Network for Social Network Analysis (INSNA) | [🌐](https://www.insna.org/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/SocNetAnalysts) |
| Networks, Phd Life And ComplExity Seminars (NetPLACE) | [🌐](https://sites.google.com/view/netplace/home-page) | [📢](https://twitter.com/netplace_semi) |
| Network Science Society | [🌐](https://netscisociety.net/home) | [📢](https://twitter.com/netscisociety) |
| Society of Young Network Scientists (SYNS) | [🌐](https://society-of-young-network-scientists.github.io/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/official_SYNS) |
| Women in Network Science (WiNS) | [🌐](https://sites.google.com/view/womeninnetworkscience/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/WiNS_Society) |
| Young Researchers of the Complex Systems Society (yrCSS) | [🌐](https://yrcss.cssociety.org/) | [📢](https://datasci.social/@yrCSS) |


## Conferences
> Ordered alphabetically.

|   |         |               |
| - | :-----: | :-----------: |
| CompleNet | [🌐](https://complenet.weebly.com/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CompleNet) |
| Complex Networks | [🌐](https://complexnetworks.org) | |
| Conference on Complex Systems | [🌐](https://cssociety.org/ccs) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ConfCompSys) |
| IC2S2 | | [📢](https://twitter.com/IC2S2) |
| NetSci / NetSci-X | [🌐](https://netscisociety.net/events/netsci) | |
| Sunbelt | [🌐](https://www.insna.org/events/insna-conferences) | |
| Latin American Conference on Complex Networks (LANET) | [🌐](http://www.lanetconference.org) | |


## Workshops, schools
> Ordered alphabetically.

|   |         |               |
| - | :-----: | :-----------: |
| Complexity 72h | [🌐](https://www.complexity72h.com/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/Complexity72h) |
| IceLab Camp | [🌐](https://icelab.se/event) | [📢](https://twitter.com/IceLab_umea) |
| Lake Como Schools <br/> - Advances in complex systems <br/> - Computational Social Science <br/> - Complex Networks | <br/> [🌐](https://acsz.lakecomoschool.org) <br/> [🌐](https://css.lakecomoschool.org) <br/> [🌐](https://ntmh.lakecomoschool.org) | |
| Les Houches School of Physics | [🌐](https://www.houches-school-physics.com/program/) | |
| Mediterranean School of Complex Networks | [🌐](https://mediterraneanschoolcomplex.net/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/MscxNetworks) |
| NetHike | [🌐](https://sn.ethz.ch/nethike.html) | |
| SFI | [🌐](https://santafe.edu/engage/learn/programs) | |
| Spring College on the Physics of Complex Systems (ICTP) | [🌐](https://indico.ictp.it/event/10459) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ictpnews)
| Winter Workshop on Complex Systems | [🌐](https://wwcs2024.github.io/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/winter_complex) |



## Seminar series
> Ordered alphabetically.

|   |         |               |
| - | :-----: | :-----------: |
| ANET | [🌐](https://anet.krtk.mta.hu/seminars/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/AnetiLabs) |
| CoCo | [▶](http://coco.binghamton.edu/#seminar) | [📢](https://twitter.com/BinghamtonCoCo) |
| IFISC | [▶](https://www.youtube.com/@IFISCseminars/videos) | [📢](https://ifisc.uib-csic.es/en/events/seminars/) |
| Interaction Data Lab | [▶](https://www.youtube.com/@interactiondatalab2056/videos) | [📢](https://twitter.com/interactiondata) |
| NetPLACE | [▶](https://www.youtube.com/@netplace3823/videos) | [📢](https://twitter.com/netplace_semi) |
| SFI | [▶](https://www.youtube.com/@SFIScience/videos) | [📢](https://twitter.com/sfiscience) |
| WiNS | [▶](https://www.youtube.com/@winsseminar9853/videos) | [📢](https://twitter.com/WiNS_Society) |


## Mailing lists and news feeds
> Ordered alphabetically.

- [Complexity Digest](https://comdig.unam.mx/subscriptions/) (also a [Twitter
  account](https://twitter.com/cxdig))


## Online courses
> Ordered alphabetically.

- [Aaron Clauset's teaching materials](https://aaronclauset.github.io/teaching.htm)
- [#ComplexityExplained](https://complexityexplained.github.io/)
- [Complexity Explorables by Dirk Brockmann](https://complexity-explorables.org/)
- [Complex Networks course by Rémy Cazabet](http://cazabetremy.fr/Teaching/CN/ComplexNetworks.html)
- [SFI's Complexity Explorer](https://www.complexityexplorer.org)


## PhD life
> Ordered alphabetically.

- [EMCRs' "Academic life" page](https://sites.google.com/view/emcrs-social-networks/academic-life)
- [How to Be a Successful PhD Student](https://people.cs.umass.edu/~wallach/how_to_be_a_successful_phd_student.pdf)
- [How to write a scientific paper](https://users.aalto.fi/~jsaramak/HowToWriteCommsCoffee.pdf) - Jari Saramäki [(talk at CCS2022 warm-up)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czpwDkCTDjQ)
- [NetPLACE "Blog" page](https://sites.google.com/view/netplace/blog)
- [So long, and thanks for all the tips](https://imstat.org/2022/04/01/written-by-witten-so-long-and-thanks-for-all-the-tips/)
- [The Thesis Whisperer](https://thesiswhisperer.com/)
- Twenty things I wish I’d known when I started my PhD, [Nature](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-018-07332-x) / [open access version](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Lucy-Taylor-33/publication/328775212_Twenty_things_I_wish_I'd_known_when_I_started_my_PhD/links/5be60c1fa6fdcc3a8dcb198c/Twenty-things-I-wish-Id-known-when-I-started-my-PhD.pdf)

## Institutes, departments and labs
> Ordered alphabetically by country code and institution name.

|   |         |         |               |
| - | :-----: | :-----: | :-----------: |
| Complexity Science Hub (CSH), Vienna | AT | [🌐](https://www.csh.ac.at/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CSHVienna) |
| Department of Network & Data Science (DNDS), Central European University, Vienna | AT | [🌐](https://networkdatascience.ceu.edu) | [📢](https://twitter.com/dnds_ceu) |
| Complex Systems and Data Science group, University of Sidney | AU | [🌐](https://www.maths.usyd.edu.au/u/ega/group/) | |
| Computational Social Science (COSS), ETH Zürich | CH | [🌐](https://coss.ethz.ch/) | |
| Instituto de Sistemas Complejos de Valparaiso (ICSV) | CL | [🌐](https://sistemascomplejos.cl/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ComplejosISCV) |
| Copenhagen Center for Social Data Science (SODAS), University of Copenhagen | DK | [🌐](https://sodas.ku.dk/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CPH_SODAS) |
| NEtwoRks, Data, and Society (NERDS), IT University of Copenhagen | DK | [🌐](https://nerds.itu.dk) | [📢](https://datasci.social/@nerdsitu) |
| Complex Systems Lab, Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona | ES | [🌐](http://complex.upf.edu/) | |
| Grupo Interdisciplinar de Sistemas Complejos (GISC), Universidad Carlos III de Madrid | ES | [🌐](https://valbuena.fis.ucm.es/gisc) | [📢](https://twitter.com/gisc_group) |
| Institute of Complex Systems of the University of Barcelona (UBICS), Barcelona | ES | [🌐](http://ubics.ub.edu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/UB_ICS) |
| Institute for Cross-Disciplinary Physics and Complex Systems (IFISC), Palma | ES | [🌐](https://ifisc.uib-csic.es/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/IFISC_mallorca) |
| Science and Engineering of Emerging Systems (SEES) Lab, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona | ES | [🌐](http://seeslab.info/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/sees_lab) |
| Center for Collective Learning <br/> - University of Toulouse <br/> - Corvinus University, Budapest | <br/> FR <br/> HU | [🌐](https://centerforcollectivelearning.org) <br/> <br/> | <br/> <br/> <br/> |
| Institut rhônalpin des systèmes complexes (IXXI), Lyon | FR | [🌐](http://www.ixxi.fr) | [📢](https://twitter.com/I_X_X_I_) |
| Interaction Data Lab, Paris | FR | [🌐](https://interactiondatalab.com/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/interactiondata) |
| Centre for Complexity and Complex Networks, City University of Hong Kong | HK | [🌐](http://cccn.ee.cityu.edu.hk) | |
| Agglomeration and Social Networks (ANET) Lab, Budapest | HU | [🌐](https://anet.krtk.mta.hu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/AnetiLabs) |
| Center for AI (CENTAI), Turin | IT | [🌐](https://centai.eu/home) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CentaiInstitute) |
| Centro Ricerche Enrico Fermi (CREF), Rome | IT | [🌐](https://cref.it/en) | [📢](https://twitter.com/cref_official) |
| Complex Human Behavior (CHuB) Lab, Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Trento | IT | [🌐](https://chub.fbk.eu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/chub_fbk) |
| CoMuNe Lab, University of Padova | IT | [🌐](https://manliodedomenico.com/people.php) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ComuneLab) |
| IMT Lucca | IT | [🌐](https://www.imtlucca.it/en) | |
| ISI Foundation, Turin | IT | [🌐](https://isi.it/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ISI_Fondazione) |
| Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining Laboratory (KDD Lab), Pisa | IT | [🌐](https://kdd.isti.cnr.it) | |
| Sony Computer Science Laboratories (CSL) <br/> - Rome <br/> - Paris | <br/> IT <br/> FR | <br/> [🌐](https://csl.sony.it) <br/> [🌐](https://csl.sony.fr) | <br/> [📢](https://twitter.com/SonyCSLRome) <br/> [📢](https://twitter.com/SonyCSLParis) |
| Complex Systems Department, Instituto de Física, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México | MX | [🌐](https://www.fisica.unam.mx/investigacion/departamentos/sistemas_complejos/index.php?lang=en) | |
| Centre for Complex Systems Studies, Utrecht | NL | [🌐](https://www.uu.nl/en/research/centre-for-complex-systems-studies-ccss) | [📢](https://twitter.com/ccss_uu) |
| Te Pūnaha Matatini, Auckland | NZ | [🌐](https://www.tepunahamatatini.ac.nz) | |
| LASIGE, University of Lisbon | PT | [🌐](https://www.lasige.pt/research-line/data-and-systems-intelligence/) | |
| The Bartlett Centre for Advanced Spatial Analysis (CASA), University College London | UK | [🌐](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/bartlett/casa) | [📢](https://twitter.com/CASAUCL) |
| Bio-Inspired Computing, Complex Networks, and Human Dynamics Laboratory, University of Exeter | UK | | [📢](https://twitter.com/BioComplexLab) |
| Binghamton Center of Complex Systems (CoCo), Binghamton University | US | [🌐](http://coco.binghamton.edu) | [📢](https://twitter.com/BinghamtonCoCo) |
| Indiana University Network Science Institute (IUNI), Bloomington | US | [🌐](https://iuni.iu.edu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/IUNetSci) |
| Network Science Institute (NetSI) <br/> - Boston <br/> - London | <br/> US <br/> UK | [🌐](https://www.networkscienceinstitute.org) <br/>  <br/>  |[📢](https://twitter.com/NUnetsi) <br/> <br/> |
| Santa Fe Institute (SFI) | US | [🌐](https://santafe.edu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/sfiscience) |
| Vermont Complex Systems Center, University of Vermont | US | [🌐](https://vermontcomplexsystems.org/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/uvmcomplexity) |
| Yale Institute for Network Science, New Haven | US | [🌐](https://yins.yale.edu/) | [📢](https://twitter.com/YINSedge) |

## Other awesome lists
> Ordered alphabetically.

- [Awesome Complexity by sellisd](https://github.com/sellisd/awesome-complexity)
- [Awesome Complexity by jepemo](https://github.com/jepemo/awesome-complexity)
- [Awesome Computational Social Science](https://github.com/gesiscss/awesome-computational-social-science)
- [Awesome Network Analysis](https://github.com/briatte/awesome-network-analysis)
- [Awesome open science for software and computational science](https://github.com/INRIA/awesome-open-science-software)
- [awesome-PhD](https://github.com/helenahartmann/awesome-PhD)
- [Awesome Public Datasets](https://github.com/awesomedata/awesome-public-datasets)
- [Collection of advice for prospective and current PhD students](https://github.com/pliang279/awesome-phd-advice)
